Description:
The impute method performs data imputation on an MSnSet instance using a variety of methods (see below).
The imputation and the parameters are logged into the processingData(object) slot.

Users should proceed with care when imputing data and take precautions to assure that the imputation produce valid results,
in particular with naive imputations such as replacing missing values with 0.

Details:
There are two types of mechanisms resulting in missing values in LC/MSMS experiments.

-> Missing values resulting from absence of detection of a feature, despite ions being present at detectable concentrations. 
   For example in the case of ion suppression or as a result from the stochastic, data-dependent nature of the MS acquisition method. 
   These missing value are expected to be randomly distributed in the data and are defined as missing at random (MAR) or missing completely at random (MCAR).

-> Biologically relevant missing values resulting from the absence of the low abundance of ions (below the limit of detection of the instrument). 
   These missing values are not expected to be randomly distributed in the data and are defined as missing not at random (MNAR).

MNAR features should ideally be imputed with a left-censor method, such as QRILC below. Conversely, 
it is recommended to use host deck methods such nearest neighbours, 
Bayesian missing value imputation or maximum likelihood methods when values are missing at random.

Currently, the following imputation methods are available:

MLE
Maximum likelihood-based imputation method using the EM algorithm. Implemented in the norm::imp.norm function. See imp.norm for details and additional parameters.

bpca
Bayesian missing value imputation are available, as implemented in the and pcaMethods::pca functions. See pca for details and additional parameters.

knn
Nearest neighbour averaging, as implemented in the impute::impute.knn function. See impute.knn for details and additional parameters.

QRILC
A missing data imputation method that performs the imputation of left-censored missing data using random draws from a truncated distribution with parameters estimated using
 quantile regression. Implemented in the imputeLCMD::impute.QRILC function. See impute.QRILC for details and additional parameters.

MinDet
Performs the imputation of left-censored missing data using a deterministic minimal value approach. Considering a expression data with n samples and p features, 
for each sample, the missing entries are replaced with a minimal value observed in that sample. 
The minimal value observed is estimated as being the q-th quantile (default q = 0.01) of the observed values in that sample. 
Implemented in the imputeLCMD::impute.MinDet function. See impute.MinDet for details and additional parameters.

MinProb
Performs the imputation of left-censored missing data by random draws from a Gaussian distribution centred to a minimal value. 
Considering an expression data matrix with n samples and p features, for each sample, the mean value of the Gaussian distribution is set to a minimal observed value in that sample. 
The minimal value observed is estimated as being the q-th quantile (default q = 0.01) of the observed values in that sample. 
The standard deviation is estimated as the median of the feature standard deviations. Note that when estimating the standard deviation of the Gaussian distribution, 
only the peptides/proteins which present more than 50% recorded values are considered. Implemented in the imputeLCMD::impute.MinProb function. 
See impute.MinProb for details and additional parameters.

min
Replaces the missing values by the smallest non-missing value in the data.

zero
Replaces the missing values by 0.

none
No imputation is performed and the missing values are left untouched. 
Implemented in case one wants to only impute value missing at random or not at random with the mixed method.

More Details:
https://rdrr.io/bioc/MSnbase/man/impute-methods.html

Author(s)
Laurent Gatto and Samuel Wieczorek

References
Olga Troyanskaya, Michael Cantor, Gavin Sherlock, Pat Brown, Trevor Hastie, Robert Tibshirani, David Botstein and Russ B. Altman, Missing value estimation methods for DNA microarrays Bioinformatics (2001) 17 (6): 520-525.

Oba et al., A Bayesian missing value estimation method for gene expression profile data, Bioinformatics (2003) 19 (16): 2088-2096.

Cosmin Lazar (2015). imputeLCMD: A collection of methods for left-censored missing data imputation. R package version 2.0. http://CRAN.R-project.org/package=imputeLCMD.

Lazar C, Gatto L, Ferro M, Bruley C, Burger T. Accounting for the Multiple Natures of Missing Values in Label-Free Quantitative Proteomics Data Sets to Compare Imputation Strategies. J Proteome Res. 2016 Apr 1;15(4):1116-25. doi: 10.1021/acs.jproteome.5b00981. PubMed PMID: 26906401.